WELCOME TO "DAY-NIGHT DUNGEON"
Here you would find all the necessary information to enjoy and play the game

Your goal is to escape alive from the Dusk King's Castle. 

BASICS:
The player can move through the castle using the command move, followed
by (space) n, s, w, e, u, d to move North, South, West, East, Up or Down. Note that
this command also works when typing move and the full coordinate as in move north.

We encourage our players to always inspect (lit up or not) spaces and each of the objects
there (when a space is dark, much of its details, including objects,
are unaccessible). In order to obtain info about something, use the command inspect followed 
by space, to explore the space your player is in, or inspect plus <obj_name>
to  examine the target object.

To pick up or drop any item (some might be hidden depending on the time it is
or unless some objects are in our inventory) we must use the drop or take command 
followed by the target object's name as in take/drop apple. All taken objects(the ones 
that can be) will be stored in the player's inventory. 

VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: 
The use command will usually act as a "use object", in addition, for some 
objects, once they are dropped in the correct place, we won't be able to move them anymore.
This for example, is the case for the ladder but doesn't apply for torches.
Otherwise, for consumable objects(like healing ones or keys), after using them,
they will be destroyed/consumed.

Done with the basics, let's carry on with other mechanics of the game



KEY WORDS:
When inspecting objects, some descriptions might not be clear enough so here is a 
guide for some terms:

Power: Chance to win a combat round (hit an enemy).

Recover: Means heal, not increase Max_health, as long as we are hurt, 
this object will be useful.

Dusk_Key: A key to his doorstep meaning a key to the Throne_Room,
the blocked door at the Hall.



COMBAT:
From time to time you will encounter an enemy (all of which you must defeat,
except the fellow cellmate, we dont recommend attacking him,as he has been there 
since before anyone else, but it is up to you)

The combat system is quite forward, use the command attack inside a room with an enemy,
and combat will inmediately begin. Each time we use the command, a combat round will occur
where we can hit, or be hit by the enemy. We can disengage by moving outside of the room,
beware that this will reset the enemy's health back to full. Healing items can be used at any
time can be used at any time but you would get hit by your foe if you are in the same room.
So heal on another room if you want to recover before and not during combat

Initially, the player has a 50% chance to damage the enemy,
but same odds to be hit by them. 
A sword will increase the chance to hit an enemy but won't 
change the damage we deal (That is reserved for other...special swords). The variable that
will show our chance to hit a foe in combat is power, ranging from 0 to 1.

Another feature added to make combat more challenging is critical hits, which will deal 
double the base damage. Default crit.chance for us is 0 but this can be increased by obtaining the 
Crit Sword (inspect the object in-game for more details), but for enemies, it will depend on who 
they are, a guard won't be dealing critical hits but for an assassin...this changes a lot.



DAY-NIGHT FEATURE:
This is the feature that makes this game different from others. 
Day by default.
Beds will be objects inside the bedrooms of the castle and we would be able to sleep
on them so that it becomes day or night. 
It is true that most dark spaces will need to be lit up with torches to see the objects that
are hidden in them. But, many misteries are hidden in the dark, and 
some of them can only be seen in those conditions, even in the dark, somethings only happen at night.
We should be using torches wisely, moving them at day or night, from one room to another in order to see or pick up objects, 
or to cross secret passages. If the myths are right, only those who are worthy will be 
able to see light when inspecting darkness.





